21-09-16

---

Nearly two weeks since the initial commit. While I'm no complete stranger to web-design, using Vue has been an eye-opener 
(and here I thought I could go pro just for knowing some Bootstrap). As happy as I am with the progress I've made, there's 
still a ways to go.

<br/>

#### Journal Component

The journal component is finally functional, albeit a far cry from the kind of elegant code I initially had in mind. The 
idea was to create a single component per project, have it import all markdown files with a single call using wildcard 
matching, and pass everything on to the journal component. Instead, for every markdown file, a vue wrap file is currently 
required. And the component responsible for passing on the data to the journal component needs to import each journal 
entry individually (at least until I can figure out how to install a wildcard plugin). To make matters worse, I also need 
to modify the routes variable to include the route path for each entry. So to recap, for a single journal entry, I 
currently need to create 2 files and modify 2 other files. It's actually a 2 minute job at worst, but I'm a sucker for 
automation.

That said, now that I've got a working component, I'm hitting the pause button on all journal-related code to focus on 
other elements.

<br/>

#### Semantic Versioning

I've been having some difficulties trying to figure out how to version this particular project as 
[SemVer](https://semver.org/) doesn't quite apply to the development of a website. I could just do away with versioning 
alltogether, but I'd much rather adhere to some kind of versioning scheme as it keeps things structured (and gives me an 
immense sense of satisfaction whenever I do increment). For now, let's keep the underlying principles of SemVer and use 
the following, slightly modified, incrementing rules:

Given a version number, increment the:

- __major__ version number when overhauling the framework or applying extensive UI changes that completely change the look and 
feel of the website.

- __minor__ version number when adding new features or components.

- __patch__ number when shipping bug fixes or subtle styling/design adjustments.

Any content addition to existing components require no increment.

Going through the git log and starting with the initial commit at 0.1.0, the current version number should be at 0.13.1. I 
intend to increment the major version number once the website contains all minimum components required to properly act as 
an online portfolio.
