21-10-09

---

Now that I've established the most essential components of web-portfolio, and having also made them fully responsive, 
the app is fairly presentable and ready to act as my personal online portfolio. Much as I would like to publish this 
as a type of portfolio template for all, it's just not there yet. Doing so would require some extensive component 
abstraction which would mean digging pretty deep into the foundation and refactoring much of the code. It's something 
I might tackle down the road, but my current priorities are elsewhere.

<br/>

#### Code Component

The code component currently displays some standard repository data, the readme file, and a nifty little clone menu 
that allows the user to copy-to-clipboard. Coding this component was a bit of a challenge: fetch calls to GitHub's 
API, authorization tokens, and adding environment variables to AWS Amplify's build settings. Quite the learning 
experience.

Having said that, the component remains unfinished. I'd like to eventually have it function as a basic repository 
browser which might mean diving pretty deep into the internals of Git, its object repository structure, as well as 
the GitHub REST API.

For now, I need to revisit the component and clean things up. The current code, though functional, is in need of some 
serious refactoring if further development is intended.

<br/>

#### Refactoring & Clean Up

At this stage, there's no longer any rush to push new components or features. Instead, I'll be placing my focus on 
refactoring the journal/code components and cleaning up the code in general. Much of the CSS, in particular, needs to 
be reviewed. I need to standardize the naming conventions, remove some redundant code, and maybe add some 
documentation along the way since the project has grown relatively complex.
